Adds storage and console storage bug doc text (#37119)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-9-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-9-console-storage-bug-fixes"]
==== Console Storage Plug-in

> * Previously, when working with Ceph storage, the Console Storage Plugin unnecessarily included a redundant use of a namespace parameter. This bug had no customer-visible impact, however the plugin has been updated to avoid the redundant use of the namespace. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1982682[*BZ#1982682*])

Reviewer: To be consistent with the subheader and ISG:
```suggestion
* Previously, when working with Ceph storage, the Console Storage Plug-in unnecessarily included a redundant use of a namespace parameter. This bug had no customer-visible impact; however, the plug-in has been updated to avoid the redundant use of the namespace. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1982682[*BZ#1982682*])
```

[id="ocp-4-9-storage-bug-fixes"]
==== Storage

* Previously, you could delete `LocalVolumeSets` with in-use PVs, which required manual clean up. This fix ensures that all released PVs are cleaned automatically. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1862429[*BZ#1862429*])

> * Previously, the `oc get volumesnapshotcontent` command did not display the namespace for a `VolumeSnapshot`, which meant that the `VolumeSnapshot` was not uniquely identified. This command now displays the namespace for the `VolumeSnapshot`. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1965263[*BZ#1965263*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, the `oc get volumesnapshotcontent` command did not display the namespace for a volume snapshot, which meant that the volume snapshot was not uniquely identified. This command now displays the namespace for the volume snapshot. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1965263[*BZ#1965263*])
```
